select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%钳口庙%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%青山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%冷坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%深塘弄%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%罗堂山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%新民塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%下坞源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大坞桥%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄坪坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%田青舍%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%桐坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石坞坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%申阴寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%丘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%矮坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%静林寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%滴水坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%官塘头%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%伍塘湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%湾下%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小青龙%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里柴%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%象鼻岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大庄里%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上塘大坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%陈家山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%麻境%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%阿叉坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大湾里%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%徐塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%剪二%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%周家垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%过路丘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%塘湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%塘丘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里包%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%江家弄%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%寺坞坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上堰%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%闸口%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%胡家%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%樟岭坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%湖德塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%洪家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄猛坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%横宅坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%贡坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%横坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%合富%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%吉家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%毛家店%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%辽坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%联合%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%连天岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%江家源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%连塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%镜坑源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%巨源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%道仁%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%朝阳%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%林塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%长岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%云和畈%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%下轮坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%山阴坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%后生坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%中道坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%深塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%双坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%后坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%钟山寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%盘龙石%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%浪村畈%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%舒坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大令塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大官塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%直坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%双坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上部股%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石塔坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石状坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%深坞里%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%汤坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%桃坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石门坎%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%山毛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%四公坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%宋家垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%孙家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%桃花坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%水坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%神堂湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石溪里%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%天庆庵%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%箬坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%瓦崖垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%紫竹坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%水碓门%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西石坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%高山坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%杨庚坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%方家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%仲岭坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%川坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大岭头%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%白石湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大雷山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%外宋家%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%徐塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%下塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%新登大坞垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%外鸡肝坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%向阳%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%粽子坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%胥口东坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小亩塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%梅峰%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%桐树坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%双义塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%娘岭坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%生田垄%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%松香坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%光明寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%虎山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%芦竹塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%板壁山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%道场坪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%金毛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%老坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%六坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%王洋坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%遮风潭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%关里%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%天井潭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%白云山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%绿坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%闹坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%冷水湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%如龙%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%乌龟垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上唐%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%受降东坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%巴家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%杜家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%葡萄山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%流坞坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小弄底%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%湾斗%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%生牛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小水顶%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%新田畈%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%平原弄%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%青山坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%强盗坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%磨刀坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%寺坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%烂田坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%鱼坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大口山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙头口%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄毛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石水坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄牛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%牌坊坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%平天岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%泥坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%九曲坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%佳坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%万家园%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里凉亭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上游%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上阳%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙王庙%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东方%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%落脚山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%重阳坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%外王家%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%牛头山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%罗成坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%源塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙门寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石门寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%荞麦塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大凸头%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小溪坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%宜坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%横岗%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大麦岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%罗村%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%严家%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%岩石岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%云溪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%叶家源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%木瓜%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%新店%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%霞源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里畈%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石门%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%英公%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%奇坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石鼓%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%馒头山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%水涛庄%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%康门%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%铜山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄石垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%就岭脚%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%喷洞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%沈溪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%新建%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%乌龙塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%双干坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%良源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%高峰%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%枫树岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙头%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙姚%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%四岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%肖岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%松毛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙池%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%畈龙%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%分水江%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大门坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石基塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%清河塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大溪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%泉坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%越古源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%衍昌%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%吉坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%伊家%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%潘村%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%青龙山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%支阴坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%金坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%赤坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%邵坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%夏村%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%雄关%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%鹤岭脚%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%南山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%幸福%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%邵坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%邵宅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石岩门%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%琴坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%瑞塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%庆坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%下源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%下横宅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西湖%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西河%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%乌丝坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%松坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%文朝%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%松林坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%四新%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%乾源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%沙门坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%下朱佗岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%操坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%城坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%田弄%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%梓树坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东坞弄%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%碧雪坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%斑竹%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%金猫坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%和田坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石壁%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东坞坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东坞%' union（於潜镇）
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里伍%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%齐毛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%鹤村%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%严家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%前坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东坞%' union(天目山镇）
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%高坊坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%沈家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%逍遥坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%陆家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙王殿%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%枫岭脚%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%居仁%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%立塔口%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%玲珑山脚%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%戴家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大鹏坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小孟坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%直坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大柴山湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里鸡毛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%高坎%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%庙岭坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%吉坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%塘蛟%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%七老坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%狭石弄%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%茶草湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%皮山坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里塘垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%湖北坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%毛竹塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%乌石%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西湖塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%岩塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%郑婆垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%旧岭脚%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里湖塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%北坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%外大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%考坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上皇庙%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西舍%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石扶梯%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%钟岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东方红%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙兴桥%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%长溪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%孙家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%椅子坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%官塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%甘岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%金刚塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西中%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙潭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%鱼石岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%红卫%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%南山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%窑垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%田子坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%岔坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%山塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%荷花塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大有塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%丰产%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%荷叶塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%雷鼓山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大慈岩镇红旗%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大慈岩%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%赤岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%芥菜坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大石坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%横山坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%工农%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%姜坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%海塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%陆高坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%樟岩%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%血岭坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%朱岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%青藤湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%庄坞口%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%郭首源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东招岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%胡程坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%青公塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%施家垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%苏塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%下坞垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大坞山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%新塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%直坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%跃进%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%清水塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%河村%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%红旗%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大同坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%后坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%公曹%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%乘风源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大毛岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小松源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%金通%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%解放%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%九里坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%绿荷塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%白岭坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%九龙%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%红塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%林家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%武塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%牙坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%林茶%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%溪旁%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%合岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%剪溪坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%白云源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙门%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%白塔岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%闲林%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%白云大坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%仙佰坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%三楂坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%坞口%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石郭源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%天子凹%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%马鞍%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石堂%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%寺坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%奇源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%麻溪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西湾坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%方家头%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%金宅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%周冕%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%甘溪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%中华山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西关%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%红旗%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上尤%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石门潭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%青石门%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%盛家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙王桥%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%金竹岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%向天岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%力坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%朱家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%云溪坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东纪坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%江岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%月岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大源塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%杨家%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%跃进%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%镇头%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%蟠型塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%胜利%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%狮山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里诸%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%洞山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%巧溪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%裘家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%甘坎%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%千顷塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%龙王坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%亭山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%青田垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%坎坡坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%金竹畈%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石柱源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%桃源坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%海坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石壁寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%南塘垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%田家%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%直坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%望仙%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%胥口直垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%东坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大源坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大源甘坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄金坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%静洞坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%长垅庵%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%冷水湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%安全坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%绿湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄泥岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%郎家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%候军坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%古羊岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%坎头坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%老坟山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%碧照垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%板坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里倒爬坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%抗大%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%花塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%渌渚西坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%百鸟坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%查岭坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%老鼠垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%碧西坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%灵北坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%洞毛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%马羊坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄土岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%金竹坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%香亭湖%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%蒋家湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%高子坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%马头坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%上塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%灵山西坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石明塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%外倒爬坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%山里%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%叶家门%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%文村横坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%磨刀坎%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%洞桥小坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄梅坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大孔坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大山寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%丹山脚%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%赤子坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%步止坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%西大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%富春街道大坞垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%许家%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%官山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%军堰大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%麻栗坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%潘堰%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%白仲坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%里鸡肝坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%蒋坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%白水塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%火烧岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%万市大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%永安山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%汪家湾%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%羊坑垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%城坑坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%渔山大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大洋坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%高坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%淡竹坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%前进%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%青山垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%乾里%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%刘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%三河村直坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%长毛坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%后垅%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%丁家坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%外樟桥%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%工农团结%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%反修%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大清塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%中畈%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%下坞底%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%俞坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小桐坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%杨梅山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%中塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%湖岑塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%郑塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%后垅塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄金坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%红旗%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%黄子坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大窝%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%雉鸡岗%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大塘坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%白岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小溪源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%吴山坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石子塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%三岔源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%梅花岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%七桠塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%年山塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%盘岗山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%林塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%桥岭村红旗%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%前山坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%木兰%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%长兰大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%密坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%梅岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%烈坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%后头坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%受降大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%富春街道东坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%栗柴坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大甘坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%贝山寺%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%称钩岭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%鹿山大坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%场口上坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%枫林坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大坞塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%老山坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%虹坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%清塘源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%神塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%泉塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%瓦塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%平塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%杨坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%罗源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%石界塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%后山%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%富源坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%炸岭坞%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%余洪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%月塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%徐洪%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%戴家%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%朱塘坑%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%竹笼源%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%高塘%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%小源口%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%杨家口%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%青山殿%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%新安江%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%富春江%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%华光潭一级%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%华光潭二级%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%剑门潭%' union
select * from camera_points where is_delete= 0 and camera_name like '%大石门%' union